🔰1. Regression and classification are both related to prediction.

🔰2. Regression predicts a value from a continuous set.

🔰3. Classification is when output is not continuous or discrete i.e, output is in different categories such as True/false,1/0,etc 

🔰4. Classification predicts the 'belonging' to the class.
🔰5. In simpler words,
---->Regression: the output variable takes continuous values.
---->Classification: the output variable takes class labels.

🔰6. Classification has two types that are as follows :
Binary classification and multi class. 
Classification having two class labels i.e, true/false,pass/fail,yes/no,0/1,etc.

🔰7. Data aggregation is the method of gathering/grouping/collecting the data and expressing it into proper form.

🔰8. To merge 2 features we have hue option in countplot function.  
import seaborn as sns
sns.countplot(a , hue = 'b')
🔰9. The act of representing the  data into graphical or pictorial form so that it become easier for the humans to visualize it is called as data visualization.

🔰10. Data visualizations make big and small data easier for the human brain to understand, and visualization also makes it easier to detect patterns, trends, and outliers in groups of data.

🔰11. Data Visualization also plays an important role  in feature selection we can verify the feature Collinearity by using hue options in seaborn functions like countplot()function.

🔰12. Countplot function in seaborn library helps to generates the charts/graph that show the graph by combining or aggregating two features so that we can properly check which feature is more relevant than other.
Parameter is any value passed to the functions to make its working more dynamic in run time.
🔰13. Parameters helps us or allows us to pass the arguments,instruction into functions. 
🔰14. Matplotlib module is used for drawing graph in python.
🔰15. Scatter plot is a function that plots the datapoints in scattered manner and  it is totally dependent on x and y values.
🔰16. Plot function is used to get a line by joining all data points which are formed using x and y values in the graph.
🔰17. Shift +tab key is used to see the signature of any function in Jupyter Notebook.
